503 Maurice Street Monroe, NC 28112
+1 704-283-6342
embcmonroe@gmail.com
Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.
Society for the Blind 1238 S Street Sacramento, CA 95811 United States work (916) 452-8271 fax Main FAX (916) 492-2483 fax Low Vision Clinic FAX (916) 492-2487 [email protected] Monday - Friday, 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM
BluePencil20
Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address:
An amazing site is coming to this web address. Check back soon!
Orders submitted with colored envelopes, shimmer or matte, may require additional processing time. New and Blue will attempt to notify you if your expected delay will be more than 5 business days. Dark envelopes may not be suitable for address printing and will require specialty ink, such as white or silver. Shimmer envelopes have the potential to smear when addressed with some types of ink. We strongly urge you to test your ink on one envelope before addressing your full order.
Kidd Smith Silk Screen, LLC 117 Riviera Drive Boiling Springs , SC 29316 ph: 864-316-6611 sales @kiddsmit h .com
Kidd Smith Silk Screen, LLC 117 Riviera Drive Boiling Springs , SC 29316 ph: 864-316-6611 sales @kiddsmit h .com
Address: 116 Crowley Rd, Lewiston, ME 04240
570 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022
59 Elm Street
New Haven, CT 06510
admin
admin
admin
admin
admin
admin
admin
admin
admin
admin
admin
admin
621 E. Devon Ave, Elk Grove Village, IL 60007
Address 14529 South Bascom Ave Los Gatos, CA 95032
Address: 14529 South Bascom Ave, Los Gatos, CA 95032
teamsun
Addresses specific problem(s) and goals identified by the client.
New Address: 129 N. University Ave.
Jeff Rocha
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 190 Royersford, PA 19468-0190
Plant Location: 835 Township Line Rd. Phoenixville, PA 19460-3097
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 190 Royersford, PA 19468-0190
Google, Yelp, and TripAdvisor are often the consumer’s first impression of your brand, especially in a tourist economy.  Reputation Management and SEO for Bars & Restaurants is the factor that is usually missing in most restaurant’s marketing approach.  Is your business dominating your competition, or have you not addressed your search engine ranking because you “show up” if you Google your own business? Good enough, right? Not even close. What works for your competitor’s brand could be worthless for yours.
Contact : (607) 272-9292 35 Cinema Dr Directions Ithaca , NY 14850

35 Cinema Dr Directions Ithaca , NY 14850 Contact Our Sales Department : (607) 272-9292
Maguire Chevrolet of Ithaca 35 Cinema Dr Ithaca , NY 14850 Sales : (607) 272-9292
726 North Washington Street Alexandria, VA 22314 USA
Always Moving & Relocation Aurora , Colorado 80011 USA Toll Free: 1-844-266-5267 [email protected]
10367 Franklin Avenue, Franklin Park, IL 60131
“Cherry Ridge Construction has made buying a home worry free. They go out of the way to ensure their customers are cared for. We recently had an issue come up and they were quick to say, “We’ll take care of that.” We have been in our home for 3 years and they still went out of their way to address the concern. Their customers are treated like family. I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone.”
Address: 1015 W CENTERVILLE RD STE 105, GARLAND TX 75041
In this week's episode of Inside the Draft, Matt Taylor and Casey Vallier are joined by NFL Draft analyst Luke Easterling from Athlon Sports. Luke highlights the Colts' major needs in the draft and shares his thoughts on the increasing recognition of quarterback JJ McCarthy's talent. He breaks down why he thinks the Colts should target a pass rusher in the first round and how they could address their need for additional receivers after round one.
Welcome to the home of Forestry and Timber Law on the web. This site is dedicated to providing accurate legal information regarding the various issues facing timber owners, foresters, or individuals owning forested land today. Questions may be directed to David J. Colligan , an attorney and noted authority on issues pertaining to the forestry industry, at either the address, phone number, or contact form below.
12 Fountain Plaza Suite 600 Buffalo, NY 14202
The problem with many therapies is that they don’t address the space where real changes happen. True transformation happens by accessing the patterns that exist below our conscious awareness.
~ Learn the techniques, tactics and strategies that are necessary to address and overcome negative emotional triggers that are rooted in traumatic past experiences
Address: 55 Lipan St Denver, CO 80223
7152 Lone Star Road Jacksonville FL 32211
If you are a WordPress user with administrative privileges on this site, please enter your email address in the box below and click "Send". You will then receive an email that helps you regain access.
Terms of Use General The use of this site is governed by the policies, terms and conditions set forth below. By using this website, you are agreeing to accept and be bound by the terms and conditions below. Nationwide Credit and Collections, Inc ("Company") reserves the right in its discretion to make changes to these terms and conditions at any time without notice. You agree to review the Terms of Use periodically, since any use of this website following any such change shall constitute acceptance of the modification(s). Access Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate or restrict your access to this website, without notice, in the event you violate any of the Terms of Use. Consent Monitoring and Disclosure. Company is under no obligation and does not assume any obligation to monitor the information included in, transmitted to or made accessible via this website. However, you agree Company may monitor this website to protect users and information of the website and in order to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Company reserves the right to modify or remove information on the website without notice to users. Information you provide in connection with the website that must be disclosed to any other person, including without limitation, a third party or entity, in order to complete the payment transaction you request will not be considered confidential for that limited purpose. Company shall be free to use, disclose and distribute this information to identified third parties without limitation subject to any law restricting such use. Consent to Use of Information. By using this website, you expressly consent to and knowingly provide any and all information required to complete your payment transaction. You further authorize Company to use the information you provide to contact you by any means, including without limitation, through an automatic telephone dialing system, at your electronic mail address, residence address, cellular, internet based or landline telephone or facsimile numbers, or other electronic, virtual or traditional means of communication, in order for Company to recover unpaid obligations that you may now owe or incur in the future that are now or may in the future be placed with Company for collection. ACH Disclosure When you provide a check as payment, you authorize Company either to use information from your check to make a one-time electronic fund transfer from your account or to process the payment as a check transaction. General Disclaimers; Disclaimer of Limited Liability COMPANY MAKES REASONABLE EFFORT TO ENSURE THE ACCURACY OF THE WEBSITE. HOWEVER, THE MATERIAL INCLUDED MAY CONTAIN TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. EVERYTHING ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS." COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, WHERE LEGALLY SUPPORTED. THEREFORE, COMPANY IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE WEBSITE. ACCESS OF THIS WEBSITE AND ANY USE OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN ARE AT THE USER'S OWN RISK. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, THEN DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE. COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE, LINKED WEBSITES, OR AS OTHERWISE ACCESSIBLE HEREIN WILL BE UNINTERRUPTABLE OR ERROR FREE OR THAT ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE OR OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSIBLE FROM THIS OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU AS THE USER OF THIS WEBSITE UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIAL OR DATA THROUGH THE USE OF THIS SITE YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOU, YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OR DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL OR DATA. COMPANY IS NOT LIABILE IN THE EVENT A PAYMENT TRANSACTION IS NOT COMPLETED FOR ANY REASON, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPROPER OR INCOMPLETE INFORMATION, INSUFFICIENT FUNDS OR CREDIT, THE FAILURE OF SYSTEMIC PROCESSES OF THIS WEBSITE OR YOUR FINANCIAL PROVIDERS. COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SUSPEND OR TERMINATE ANY TRANSACTION THAT COMPANY DEEMS INVALID, UNAUTHORIZED, FRAUDULENT OR OTHERWISE. Intellectual Property Rights Materials on this website may contain proprietary information, notices, products or services owned by Company and/or third parties. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as 
granting to you or any user a license under any copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right of Company or any third party. You agree that Company and/or the third parties own all legal right, title and interest in and to the information contained within the website. You may not assign any right in the materials or this website to third parties without the written consent of Company. All Company names, logos, and designs are the marks or trademarks of Company or third parties. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting you or any user of this website any consent under any copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property or other legal right of Company or any third party. External Links At certain places, those accessing this website may be able to access links to other Internet addresses. Company does not endorse, sponsor, approve, certify or control these external Internet addresses and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, security or correct sequencing of information located at such addresses. Company will not be liable for damages of any kind resulting from the use of such a link. User Name and Password Use and access to this website and services may require you to enter a user name and password. You agree to hold your user name and password in strict confidence. You must notify us immediately if you determine that the confidentiality your user name or password have been breached. Upon such notice from you, Company will issue you a new user name and password. Security Company takes seriously your right to privacy of your personal information. Accordingly, you agree to comply with processes set forth by Company regarding access to or use of this website. Company processes include, without limitation, use and protection of passwords. Company will use your personal information only to fulfill the obligations of Company with respect to payments as set forth in the Terms of Use. Anti-spam Policy You and any user of this website shall not transmit unsolicited e-mail messages. Choice of Law and Jurisdiction The contents of this website, this agreement and performance under the agreement are governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin without regard to its choice of law or conflicts of law principles. Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Company and its affiliates and each of their respective employees, officers, directors, owners, licensors, licensees, and agents from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees and court costs, arising out of or related to any allegation regarding (a) any violation of these Terms of Use by you or (b) your use of this website. 
Waiver 
You agree that Company does not waive any right by not exercising or enforcing any legal right or remedy which is contained in these Terms of Use or under applicable law. Any failure to exercise any right will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Company's rights. Conflicts between this Agreement and Laws If any provision of these Terms of Use conflicts with the law under which this agreement is to be construed, or if any such provision is held invalid by a competent authority, such provision shall be deemed to be restated to reflect as nearly as possible the original intentions of the parties in accordance with applicable law. The remainder of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. Binding; Assignment These Terms of Use shall be binding on you and Company and their respective successors and assigns. You may not assign your rights under these Terms of Use or delegate your obligations hereunder, without the prior consent of Company. Company may assign or delegate its rights and obligations under these Terms of Use to any entity or person, however, 
in no event shall such assignment relieve Company or its assignee or successor of its obligations under these Terms of Use. Debt Collection Notice This communication is from a debt collector. This is an attempt to collect a debt. Any information obtained will be used for that purpose.
Legal Disclosure [PLEASE SCROLL DOWN AND READ THE LEGAL DISCLOSURES TO ACCEPT] *Legal Disclosures & Electronic Communications Consent Debt Collection Notice Nationwide Credit and Collections, Inc. is a debt collector. This is an attempt to collect a debt. Any information obtained will be used for that purpose. Additional Debt Collection Disclosures* New York City Residents: New York City Department of Consumer Affairs license number 2055994 *Electronic Communications Consent* By clicking on the "I Accept" button below, I am confirming and agreeing to the following: I am authorizing Nationwide Credit and Collections, Inc. ("NCC") to send me any and all communications electronically ("Electronic Communications"). Electronic Communications includes e-mail, current and future notices and/or disclosures that may be required by law, correspondence, statements and other communications regarding any account placed (now or in the future) with NCC. 2. I am acknowledging receipt of this Electronic Communications Consent and my intent to be bound by the terms of this Electronic Communications Consent. 3. I am acknowledging that Electronic Communications: (a) can be intercepted, altered, forwarded or used without authorization or detection, (b) can be circulated, forwarded and stored in paper and electronic files, and (c) may be lost due to technical failure during composition, transmission or storage. 4. I am not providing Nationwide Credit and Collections, Inc with an e-mail address provided to me by my employer or related in any manner to my workplace or place of employment. I am acknowledging that I do not have a reasonable expectation of privacy in an e-mail address associated in any way with my employment. I am also acknowledging that I am aware of who else in my household may intercept Electronic Communications (for example, family members and roommates) and I have taken all precautions to eliminate 
others from accessing my Electronic Communications. 5. I am authorizing Nationwide Credit and Collections to transmit Electronic Communications to the e-mail address I provide to NCC and to include the following in the Electronic Communications: 1. *In the "To" line of the email: Your name or other individual identifying information 2. *In the "From" line of the email: Nationwide Credit and Collections, Inc. or NCC 3. *In the "Subject" line of the email: An account number or other identifying information 6. 6. I am acknowledging I have been informed of the following: 1. *The right to receive a paper version of an Electronic Communication. I may obtain a paper version by contacting Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc at 1-800-485-0207 2. *The right to withdraw consent to receive Electronic Communications. I may withdraw my consent by contacting Nationwide Credit and Collections at 1-800-485-0207 or by "unsubscribing" in an email sent to me 3. *This consent is a continuing consent to Nationwide Credit and Collections, Inc to send me Electronic Communications 4. *I must update my electronic address by contacting Nationwide Credit and Collections, Inc at 1-800-485-0207 5. *I must ensure that I can receive Electronic Communications and retain it. I have a computer system with an Internet Web browser capable of 128-bit encryption and Adobe Acrobat Reader. I have a printer capable of printing any Electronic Communications emailed to me and/or have the ability to electronically save and display on computer screens Electronic Communications. 6. *I may receive a notification from Nationwide Credit and Collections that I have a secure email message; that I will be required to create an account to access an Electronic Communications; and, if I fail to create an account, I may not receive a response. *I am consenting by clicking the "I Accept" button below to receipt of Electronic Communications and to the terms contained in this Legal Disclosures & Electronic Communications Consent.
Online Website Agreement and Authorization for Payments (the "Agreement")
You are accessing the Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc online payment portal (the "Service"). Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Service. By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. If you do not accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may not access or use the Service. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. may modify this Agreement from time to time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Agreement. By continuing to access or use the Service following such modifications, you agree to be bound by the modified Agreement. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. has no obligation to notify users of the posting of a modified Agreement. Debt Collection Notice. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. is a debt collector. This is an attempt to collect a debt. Any information obtained will be used for that purpose. Account. By accessing the Service, you acknowledge that you are responsible for one or more accounts placed for collection with Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. by your creditor or creditors. If you have more than one account, you may be required to create more than one User Name and password. Your User Name is created by you when you log-in for the first time. You acknowledge and agree that the accounts under your User Name and password may not represent all the accounts with Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. Payment Services. By accessing the Service, you authorize Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. (1) to establish and maintain your payment authorizations and (2) to process your payments according to your instructions. Types of Payments and Who you are Paying. You may use the Service only to authorize the payment of account(s) placed with Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. Payments that you authorize will be made from a bank or financial institution account, including, by credit or debit card, (the "Transaction Account") that you designate. It is your responsibility to establish and maintain the Transaction Account and to pay any and all fees associated with the Transaction Account. By accessing the Service, you represent that you have the authority to authorize Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. to take the payments from the Transaction Account according to the terms of this Agreement. Electronic Funds Transfers. You may authorize one-time or recurring payments on one or more of your accounts. By using the Service and selecting the "Submit Payment" button, you are authorizing Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. to complete an electronic funds transfer from the bank or financial institution maintaining the Transaction Account. You may print a copy of your authorization after your payment is submitted. You may request a copy of your authorization by contacting Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. at 888-348-4524. Payment Amount. You may authorize a one-time or recurring payment in an amount of at least $10.00 on an account unless the account is less than $10.00. If the account is less than $10.00 and you wish to make payment, you must pay the account in full. You may authorize a one-time or recurring payment in any amount exceeding $10.00 up to the total amount of the account or the Confirmed Payment Arrangement, if you have Confirmed Payment Arrangement. By processing any payment less than the full balance owed, you understand and agree that Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. is not agreeing to a specific payment arrangement unless that payment arrangement is expressly confirmed by a representative of Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. via telephone, email, or letter ("Confirmed Payment Arrangement"). A receipt, letter or payment authorization you print from the Service does not alone constitute agreement by Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. to a specific payment arrangement. Unless you have a Confirmed Payment Arrangement or you have requested we cease communication with you or you pay the account in full, further collection activity may continue. Timing. By providing Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. with a payment authorization under the Service, you authorize Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. to charge the Transaction Account to remit funds on your behalf to pay accounts you designate that are placed with Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. It is your responsibility to make timely payment authorizations, so that the funds will arrive before the date on which they are due if you have a Confirmed Payment Arrangement. You may designate a payment post-date up to and including the payment due date; however, if you enter a payment post-date after 5:00 p.m. Eastern time, Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. may change the payment post-date to the date of Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc.'s next business day. Revocation of One-time or Recurring Payments. In order to revoke or cancel a one-time or recurring payment scheduled using the Service, click or tap "Deactivate Schedule" and follow the on screen process or contact Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. at 888-348-4524, Monday through Friday 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Central time at least three (3) business days ahead of your scheduled payment. You are not permitted to change, revoke or terminate a one-time or recurring payment if that payment is in process. A payment is in process on the posting date of the payment. You may have the legal right to revoke electronic payments by contacting the bank where you hold the Transaction Account. Contact your bank to determine the information and time your bank needs to process your revocation. Fees for Use of the Service. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. does not charge any monthly or payment transaction fees to use the Service. Account Management Email Address. By accessing the Service and selecting email notifications, you are authorizing Nationwide Credit and Collections, Inc. to send you emails. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. will send those emails to the email address you identify in your registration records for the Service ("Account Management Email Address"). If your Account Management Email Address changes or becomes disabled, you will notify us immediately by updating your email address on the "Profile" section of the Service. If you update your Account Management Email Address on the "Profile" page of the Service, that change will take effect within 24 hours. You understand and agree that Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. may send emails to your Account Management Email Address whether or not that address includes a designation for delivery to the attention of any specific person and whether or not anyone other than you is able to access and/or read emails sent to your Account Management Email Address. Email Notifications. Certain email notifications may be available to you as a user of the Service. If available, you may request us to send you an email confirmation ("Confirmation") when you schedule a payment using the Service. When Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. sends you a Confirmation, Nationwide Credit and Collections, Inc. will use the email address provided when you requested the Confirmation. Nationwide Credit and Collections, Inc. will send you other email notifications automatically, when applicable. Copies of Documents. During the period Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. retains documentation of your account, you may request a paper copy of this Agreement or any authorization to make a one-time or recurring payment by calling us at 888-348-4524. We will provide the copies free of charge. Prohibited Conduct. You agree you will not use the Service to conduct any fraudulent or illegal activity; violate any statute, regulation or other legal authority; violate the property or privacy rights of Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. or those of any other person or company; interfere with or obtain unauthorized access to Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. computer systems or those of any other person or company; or impersonate the identity of Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. or that of any other person or company. Accuracy of Information. You agree that all information you provide to Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. in connection with the Service is true, correct and complete. You agree not to misrepresent your identity or authority to view information or to schedule any payment using the Service. Protect Your Personal Information. You will keep your User Name and password and your security questions and answers secret. You will tell Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. immediately if you believe there has been an unauthorized use of your User Name, password, security questions or the Service. Please tell us by calling 888-348-4524. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. will not be responsible for any loss or damage you may suffer as a result of someone using your User Name, password, security questions or the Service whether with or without your permission or knowledge. If you give your User Name, password, or security questions and answers to someone else or allow someone else to use the Service, you will be responsible for all actions taken by that person including, without limitation, the scheduling of any payments or the updating or removal of any payments scheduled on your account, even if that person exceeds your permission. Responsibility of Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. will use all reasonable efforts to process all your payment authorizations promptly and properly, provided the authorizations are actually received by Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. will not be responsible for any failure to process a payment authorization that is not actually and completely received by Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. for any reason, including user error, equipment malfunction, natural disasters or impediments, or inaccurate or incomplete information. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. shall incur no liability if it is unable to complete a payment authorization initiated by you because of the existence of any one or more of the following circumstances: 1. The Transaction Account does not contain sufficient funds to complete the transaction, or the transaction would exceed the credit limit applicable to the Transaction Account. 2. You have not provided Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. with correct names or account information. 3. Circumstances beyond Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc.'s control (such as, but not limited to, fire, flood, or interference from an outside force) prevent the proper transmission of your payment authorization and Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. has taken reasonable precautions to avoid those circumstances. 4. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. fails to receive a full and complete payment authorization. 5. You have made any false or materially misleading statement or representation in connection with any payment authorization. 6. The bank or financial institution maintaining the Transaction Account refuses or is unable to honor a payment request from Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. Bank or Financial Institution Limitations. In using the Service, you are requesting Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. to make payments for you from your designated Transaction Account. If your bank or financial institution is unable to process a transaction (for example, there are not sufficient funds in the Transaction Account to cover the transaction, or if funds in the account are unavailable for any reason), the transaction may not be completed. There may be limits or restrictions upon the number or frequency of payments that may be made from your Transaction Account under applicable law or under the terms of your agreement with the bank or financial institution maintaining the Transaction Account. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc.'s obligations under the Service are subject to any such limits or restrictions, and Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. has no duty to notify you of any such limits or restrictions. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. NATIONWIDE CREDIT AND COLLECTION, INC. IS PROVIDING THE SERVICE "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON- INFRINGEMENT. NATIONWIDE CREDIT AND COLLECTION, INC. DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE IS ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL NATIONWIDE CREDIT AND COLLECTION, INC. OR ANY LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE DELIVERY, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THE SERVICE, WHETHER INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, EVEN IF NATIONWIDE CREDIT AND COLLECTION, INC. OR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OR MAY OTHERWISE KNOW OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Some jurisdictions prohibit exclusion or limitation of liability for implied warranties or consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you. Assignment. You may not assign this Agreement to any other party. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. may assign this Agreement to any directly or indirectly affiliated company. Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. may also assign or delegate certain of its rights and responsibilities under this Agreement to independent contractors or other third parties. General. This Agreement is governed and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, excluding its choice of law rules. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes any prior agreements or understandings, oral or written, between Nationwide Credit and Collection, Inc. and you concerning the Service and may only be amended as provided herein. Failure or delay in enforcing any right or provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision or right with respect to any subsequent breach or a continuance of an existing breach. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be unenforceable that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent possible, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
302 West 14th Street, Suite 100A
302 West 14th Street, Suite 100B
302 West 14th Street, Suite 100A
302 West 14th Street, Suite 100B
dalvapcd
3208 N. University Drive Nacogdoches , TX 75965 Phone: (936) 564-3937 Fax: (936) 564-6622
122 Chambers St. New York, NY 10007 212 513 0313
CarbMan
Address 1812 San Pedro Ave., Berkeley, CA, 94707, USA
Chatbots can handle repetitive customer queries, freeing up the bandwidth of live agents to handle more complicated tasks. For example, if a company is selling jeans, a chatbot may direct prospects to a page that sells jeans. In addition to addressing customer needs, chatbots can also manage various queries from different users at any time.
AI helps marketers target people most likely to buy a product or service. Marketers can also target customers who have previously purchased similar products. This helps sustain their interest in a product or service. AI can optimize the customer experience by providing recommendations to help them achieve their goals. A well-designed AI-based marketing strategy can help retailers increase their lifetime value and boost customer satisfaction. It can also increase the volume of sales by addressing customer concerns.
The foundation launched the #TechForUkraine campaign to provide free support to NGOs working on pressing issues related to war’s immediate and long-term consequences. Since the launch of the #TechForUkraine campaign, more than 450 IT companies, like xvideos from 40 countries have joined the #TechForUkraine campaign, ready to support NGOs for free, helping them address their digital priorities and expand their reach. His #TechForUkraine campaign aims to convince tech-savvy people to help Ukrainian charities tackle weak security systems, outdated software, and the lack of an easy-to-use UI and UX.
Attempts to change driving culture in Britain by changing road design are futile experiment. As we can see from the behaviour of Dutch motorists. The roads put them in conflict with cycling. The failed cycle route in Utrecht in the 1990s is just another of countless examples of impaired driving on Dutch-style roads. The familiar problems faced by cyclists in Britain – narrow passes, contusions, contusions, left hooks – are occurring on a larger scale in the Netherlands. Their roads are not designed to address the problems that occur there in the first place. Driving car-free is quite possible in the next five to ten years for the old Dutch city centres, says Melissa.
substance expected to address those issues also reel in your objective clients. So put resources into one – they are justified, despite any trouble.
7151 Columbia Gateway Dr. Suite B Columbia, MD 21046
2820 Rungius Rd, Jackson, WY 83001 Map and Directions
Address 1270 Mark St Bensenville, IL 60106
Address:
Architectural expertise allows JET to design and build testing solutions that address the complexity of testing with specific attention to device inter-communication, changing requirements, massive configurability and configuration management.
Address: 4980 Benchmark Centre Swansea, IL 62226 Phone: 618.624.9080
9160 B5 Rumsey Road Columbia , MD 21045 Phone: 410-995-1715 Fax: 410-720-0133
305 East 4th Street Frederick , MD 21701 Phone: 301-694-3726 Fax: 301-694-7208
30800 Telegraph Road Suite 1901 Bingham Farms, Michigan 48025 United States
Senior Village Nursing Home 315 Harry Guilbeau Road, Opelousas, LA 70570 Ph: (337) 948-4486 | Email Privacy Policies | Emergency Plan Accessibility | Non-discrimination Download Brochure
Water damage is the most common form of property damage. Flooding can cause rotting wood, rust, mold, and other types of destruction. Time is of the essence. ADS knows that water damage emergencies can be traumatic. That’s why our team will immediately address, assess and fix the problem.
Address: 12094 Anderson Rd, Suite 330, Tampa, FL 33625
Email Address
Address
Email Address
100 W Summit Hill Dr, Knoxville, TN 37902 +1 (865) 525-7113 assistance@garydawsonlaw.com See Map
Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive mail with link to set new password.
1319 Southview Cir, Coralville, Iowa 52241
1317 Southview Cir, Coralville, Iowa 52241
302 Sunset Pl, North Liberty, Iowa 52317
1725 Stone Creek Cir, North Liberty, Iowa 52317
1714 Hollywood Blvd, Iowa City, Iowa 52240
608 Fawn Ave, Tiffin, Iowa 52340
120 N Front St, North Liberty, Iowa 52317
427 Watts Ct, North Liberty, Iowa 52317
419 Peterson St, Iowa City, Iowa 52245
313 Windsor Dr, Iowa City, Iowa 52245
423 Elmridge Ave, Iowa City, Iowa 52245
601 Keokuk Ct., Iowa City, Iowa 52240
A&B Mechanical Inc.
115 E Churchville Rd Bel Air , Maryland 21014
PO Box 3245 Myrtle Beach , SC 29578 ph: 843-457-7676 Pthompso n @creartiv einc .com
PO Box 3245 Myrtle Beach , SC 29578 ph: 843-457-7676 Pthompso n @creartiv einc .com
I’ve been a member of PPROA for approximately 40 years. The ways the Assn has helped me (especially last 10 years or so) are more than I will be able to mention. Whether it was dealing with
the latest regulation from RRC, EPA, Fish and Wildlife or other agencies PPROA was always there to help me with information and contacts. Sometimes it would be as simple as 
finding the name or address of someone not in the directory. And of course the conventions always provided quality speakers.
vCard
I have one-on-one therapy time with my physical therapist, unlike other cookie-cutter models I have experienced... My physical therapist goes way above and beyond to execute and reassess how my treatment plan is going for me and listens well to my responses and makes adjustments as needed. I have complex physical pain issues and needed trigger point needling to address...
My experience with CT Family Physical Therapy has been very positive based on their personalized service and attention to creating long term solutions and exercises to address the back and leg pain that brought me to them. Within a surprisingly short period of time, I was experiencing significant relief and greater mobility. I would recommend them to anyone in the...
Address 735 Post Road E Westport, CT 06880
Airstream Los Angeles 1212 E Las Tunas Drive San Gabriel , CA 91776 US Phone: 626-285-2222 Email: mhasson@airstreamlosangeles.com,vvenegas@airstreamla.com Fax :
Mailing Address PO Box 2760 Westerville, Ohio 43086-2760 USA
Shipping Address
Fort Myers, Sanibel, Fort Myers Beach, Cape Coral Pest Control
Statewide Behavioral Health Coordinating Council develops, updates and oversees the implementation of the Texas Statewide Behavioral Health Strategic Plan which outlines a coordinated effort to address behavioral health gaps in services… Read more
Email Us Call Us Mailing Address: Adirondack Fragrance Farm 1551 HWY-72, Potsdam NY 13676
Dad went into the hospital and the case manager recommended them based on my specific qualifications. I definitely did not want a big box company where my dad was just a number.
I spoke at length to Michelle and she guided me. One time I called, after hours, and Lisa, the owner picked up to address the upcoming schedule. Go figure, the owner was in.
The service was great and dad rebounded quicker than his physicians had planned for. He’s back on the golf course and all is well again. Kudos the team at Boca Home Care. Highly recommended!
Having interacted with other agencies enabled me to quickly realize how knowledgeable, experienced and genuinely interested Lisa was to address our needs.
Our situation was a bit unusual and I greatly appreciated Lisa’s willingness to help me with achieving our goals rather than trying to revise them. Clearly this is an organization that embraces the tone at the top concept as virtually everyone on the BHCS team whom I had the opportunity to interact with was helpful, pleasant and professional.
Particularly in such a sensitive personal services business, having the opportunity to collaborate with a group that is focused on the priorities of the patient’s team is critical in an effort to obtain the optimum results. I now look forward to paying it forward by having the opportunity to recommend Lisa Kaufman and BHCS to others who have the need for such services!
231 S. Plum Street Marysville, OH 43040
21698 Main Street Raymond, OH 43067
Address: Stat Medical Consulting, Inc 22801 Ventura Boulevard, Suite 211, Woodland Hills, CA 91364 Email: sharon@statmedical.net Phone: 818-907-7828
13687 FM 206 | Tyler, TX 75709
Our vision is a culture of care that addresses and prevents violence without compounding harm and trauma. A culture that centers the needs of victims, survivors, and their loved ones through community-based accountability and healing. Where family and community relationships that have been torn apart by the carceral state have been mended.
340 Justin Ave Suite # 104 Platteville, CO 80651
Dan Kramer
9 East Main Street Cartersville, GA 30120
Do you have a Bluapple®? Enter your email address and when you started using your Bluapple®  and we'll email you when it's time to change your packet.
This email address is already associated with an account. If you would like to manage your existing reminder(s) please click here.
ReShape Lifesciences ® is committed to the delivery of safe, effective, and sustainable therapies that address the growing global health crises associated with the increased prevalence of obesity and metabolic diseases, including diabetes and hypertension. We are rapidly advancing our novel technologies to broadly benefit patients, healthcare providers, and stakeholders around the world.
Welcome to Kleinwood Vision, where advances in eye care meet the demands of your digital life. We are dedicated to providing the best visual solutions for your lifestyle needs. Our comprehensive eye exam will keep you in the forefront of the latest innovations in the eye care industry so your eyes can keep up with the demands of your digital world at any age. Our eye care team, with over 30 years of experience will ensure all your questions are addressed so you have the best experience and accurate knowledge for all your visual solutions. The best glasses in the world can't help you see clearly if your eyes are not healthy. Schedule your yearly exam today!
Specialized lenses produced with NeuroLens technology to address issues related to eye misalignment, providing relief from symptoms like headaches and eye strain.
Theresa Moulton
Dana Houston Jackson
Tristan Ovington
Theresa Moulton
Michael Schank
Michael Schank
Tony Saldanha Filippo Passerini
Mostafa Sayyadi
Jeff Skipper
Nina Kern
Amy Freet
6012 Bayfield Pky Suite 208 Concord, NC 28027
Email Address
39 Sage Lane Fredericksburg, VA 22405
We train and develop skills to address the biggest problems your organization faces. We help leaders explore spaces of growth to drive success.
Dells Army Ducks 1550 Wisconsin Dells Parkway Wisconsin Dells WI 53965
Dr. Dan Siegel’s unique ability to make complicated scientific concepts easy to understand and exciting has led him to be invited to address diverse local, national and international groups of mental health professionals, neuroscientists, corporate leaders, educators, parents, public administrators, healthcare providers, policy-makers, and clergy.
admin
48 Burd Street, Suite 105 Nyack, New York 10960
3371 Commercial Way Spring Hill, FL 34606
13251 Cortez Blvd. Brooksville, FL 34613
Main Office 114 South Central Avenue Duluth, MN 55807 Contact Us
1100 Blue Ravine Road Folsom, CA 95630 (916) 246-9978
Folsom's Hope (916) 246-9978 1100 Blue Ravine Road Folsom, CA 95630
Email address *
Email Address *
Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.
Interested in how Valent BioSciences can address your agricultural, public health, or forest health needs? Discover how we can make a positive impact in your world.
Email Address
"There's really no other platform that can help us do what we're trying to do here in our breast center to manage and navigate our high-risk breast patients – our key stakeholders all see the value in it, too. The CancerIQ questionnaire for patients has been a big game changer in that it addresses a much more comprehensive set of genetic, hereditary, and lifestyle risk factors for these women."
Email Address
New Rochelle, NY 10804 914 273-9517 karen@spencercreativegroup.com Mail
Sales : (201) 944-3300 Service : (201) 944-3300 Parts : (201)-944-6709 Body Shop : (201) 568-1299 50 Sylvan Avenue (9W) Directions Englewood Cliffs , NJ 07632

Contact Our Sales Department : (201) 944-3300
The Sheri Nixon Team | Keller Williams 8 Lafayette Place, Suite 203 , Hiton Head Island , SC 29926
Email address
Simply type your email address in the box below and login now to access your saved properties and continue to search for more.
Search for a specific property for sale by address.
Our specialized training and assessment programs, informed by the depth of our experience in this field and outcomes from our marine operations research, are custom tailored to address specific needs of a vessel owner/operator, pilot associations or to provide an advanced level of mariner workforce development beyond existing training standards and credentialing regimes mandated by regulation.
The USMRC Marine Operations Research Team brings a wealth of experience and a seasoned mariner perspective in employing both desktop and full mission, real-time, “mariner in the loop”, bridge simulation and modeling technologies to generate realistic outcomes and practical solutions to address a wide range of traditional and highly complex marine operations and navigation risk challenges.
The National Institutes of Health (NIH) reported that the number of people living with permanent disability from brain injury grows annually as medical technology has advanced in life-saving techniques. However, community-based programs which enable brain injury survivors to live productive lives throughout the entire course of recovery have not grown proportionately to meet this need. Brain Injury Clubhouses were developed to address the need for coordinated, long-term, community-based supports for brain survivors in a community-based setting.



Address: 4532 S. Kolin Avenue (2nd Floor)
wtxfb
Our tree planting efforts continued to address critical reforestation needs on our National Forests to ensure healthy forests for generations to come.
Our tree planting efforts continued to address critical reforestation needs on our National Forests to ensure healthy forests for generations to come.
National Forest Foundation 27 Fort Missoula Rd. Ste 3 Missoula,
                                    MT
                                    59804-7212 T 406.542.2805 F 406.542.2810
National Forest Foundation 27 Fort Missoula Rd. Ste 3 Missoula,
                                    MT
                                    59804-7212 T 406.542.2805 F 406.542.2810
Excellent service with my newly adopted german shepherd. Duchess came out tail wagging happy after her first visit. They addressed all of my concerns in easy to understand language. They trimmed her nails nicely which isn’t easy to do with a 69 pound rescue with very long overgrown nails. I have total confidence in Canyon View Animal Hospital. They provide great value and excellent care for my dogs.
Excellent service with my newly adopted german shepherd. Duchess came out tail wagging happy after her first visit. They addressed all of my concerns in easy to understand language. They trimmed her nails nicely which isn’t easy to do with a 69 pound rescue with very long overgrown nails. I have total confidence in Canyon View Animal Hospital. They provide great value and excellent care for my dogs.
Digital Empathy
surash
160 Barbado Lane, Spartanburg, SC 29303
So, whether you live in Arvada, Aurora, Boulder, Brighton, Broomfield, Castle Rock, Centennial, Colorado Springs, Commerce City, Conifer, Denver, Dillon, Elizabeth, Englewood, Erie, Estes Park, Evergreen, Fort Collins, Golden, Grand Junction, Greeley, Greenwood Village, Highlands Ranch, Lafayette, Lakewood, Littleton, Lone Tree, Longmont, Louisville, Loveland, Northglenn, Parker, Pueblo, Thornton, Vail, Westminster, Wheat Ridge, Windsor, Woodland Park, or Wray Colorado, SECURE-ALL IS THERE!  Please note:  While there are no trip charges for new installations located within the Denver metro area, some outlying cities and locations listed above my be subject to an additional trip charge depending upon the actual distance from our showroom.  Please call or email with your address for confirmation.
Office Location Upswing Marketing, Inc. 409 Tennant Sta, #190 Morgan Hill, CA  95037 Phone: (877) 946-4266 E-mail: sales@upswing.com
Solar Lights & More offers a wide range of solar services to power your home or business in Ocala, FL. Call us now! Address: 5640 SW 6th Pl, Suite 400 Ocala, FL 34474 View Map Business Hours: Mon - Fri: 8:30 am - 4:30 pm
An das Internet angeschlossene Geräte werden mit Hilfe der IP-Adressen identifiziert und addressiert. Sie sorgen dafür, dass Verbindungen hergestellt werden können und übertragene Daten die vorgesehenen Empfänger erreichen. Über die Adresse des Internetproviders lässt sich dabei auch der Standort der angebundenen Geräte ermitteln. Einige Dienste nutzen das, um Nutzer bestimmter Orte auszuschließen.
*protected email*
Patrick Stolpmann
SCHEU-DENTAL GmbH Am Burgberg 20 58642 Iserlohn Deutschland
David Wendt

nathan.peck
The Zero Project Award is given to projects that address the needs and rights of persons with disabilities. It aims to contribute to global efforts to create a more just, equitable, and inclusive society – a world without barriers.
Get in touch KÃ¶penicker Str. 18-20, 10997 Berlin Get in touch
Andreas Franken
Andreas Franken
Andreas Franken
Andreas Franken
Andreas Franken
Andreas Franken
Andreas Franken
Training Attendee Spotlight: Empowering Food Fortification and Control with iCheck in Ghana Drawing upon the valuable feedback from attendees, including seasoned food analysts Gifty Aidoo and Marian Komey, QuImpact's recent training on iCheck garnered positive recognition. The training's interactive approach, which encouraged active participation and knowledge exchange among participants, was particularly commended. Read article > BioAnalyt Stands with Millers for Nutrition: Empowering Communities through Nutrition Bioanalyt partners with Millers for Nutrition to improve food fortification and nutrition worldwide. Together, as a coalition of multiple organizations and millers, we support the business case for higher fortification standards, share best practices across the industry, and celebrate the success stories. Read article > Advancing Health and Sustainability: The Urgency of Food Fortification at COP28 As climate change disrupts food systems and exacerbates micronutrient deficiencies, food fortification emerges as a crucial tool for addressing these challenges. By fortifying staple foods, we can enhance nutrient intake, strengthen immune systems, boost productivity, and promote equity, ultimately contributing to a healthier and more sustainable future. Read article >
info@campingshop24.de
+49 (0)2863 / 956940
